Tutorial loading physics plugin (#115)
ignitionrobotics/ign-physics: tutorials/05_plugin_loading.md

```cpp
for (const std::string &name : pluginNames)
{
  std::cout << "Testing plugin: " << name << std::endl;
  ignition::plugin::PluginPtr plugin = pl.Instantiate(name);

  auto engine = ignition::physics::RequestEngine3d<Features>::From(plugin);

  std::cout << "  engine name: " << engine->GetName() << std::endl;
}
```

### Example setup CMakeLists.txt file for Dome release

Now create a file named `CMakeLists.txt` with your favorite editor and add these
lines for finding `ign-plugin` and `ign-physics` dependencies in Dome release:

```cmake
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.5 FATAL_ERROR)

set(IGN_PLUGIN_VER 1)
find_package(ignition-plugin${IGN_PLUGIN_VER} 1.1 REQUIRED COMPONENTS all)

set(IGN_PHYSICS_VER 3)
find_package(ignition-physics${IGN_PHYSICS_VER} REQUIRED)
```

After that, add the executable pointing to our file and add linking library so
that `cmake` can compile it:

```cmake
add_executable(hello_world_loader hello_world_loader.cc)
target_link_libraries(hello_world_loader
  ignition-plugin${IGN_PLUGIN_VER}::loader
  ignition-physics${IGN_PHYSICS_VER}::ignition-physics${IGN_PHYSICS_VER})
```

## Build and run

### Compile the loader

> Now you can build the loader by:

Reviewer: Would be nice to point out the layout of folder structure and where to run `cmake` commands

```bash
cd build
cmake ..
make
```

This will generate the `hello_world_loader` executable under `build` folder.
This loader will load any plugin that implements the `GetEngineInfo` feature,
and print the engine name.

### Load existing plugins

> For example, if you have the Ignition Physics plugin for DART compiled, find

Reviewer: `DART` can point to either the repo or a documentation related to the physics engine just so user can have more context

> where it is installed with (you may need sudo right):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where it is installed with (you may need administrative rights: `sudo` on Linux platform):
```

```bash
find / | grep libignition-physics-dartsim-plugin.so
```

You may find more than one file. Choose one of them, and load it with
the loader by:

```bash
./hello_world_loader <path_to>/libignition-physics-dartsim-plugin.so
```

And you'll see the engine info:

```bash
Testing plugin: ignition::physics::dartsim::Plugin
  engine name: dartsim-6.10.0
```

> At the time of writing, Ignition Physics is shipped with `DART` and `TPE`

Reviewer: again, links to each physics engine repo/documentation
